readme upgrades plus contributing document (#12)
dropoutlabs/tf-trusted: README.md

> ## TF Trusted

Reviewer: In the getting started section, we tell them how to run and build tf trusted locally. However, we don't tell explicitly them it's for local use only, nor, do we differentiate between what happens locally and on an Intel SGX device.

Can you beef up these sections to be more descriptive as to what the user is accomplishing?

TF Trusted allows you to run most Tensorflow models inside of an [Intel SGX](https://software.intel.com/en-us/sgx) device. It leverages a Tensorflow custom operation to send gRPC messages into the Intel SGX device via [Asylo](https://asylo.dev/) where the model is then run by Tensorflow Lite.

The goal of this project is to provide an easy to use framework to experiment with running models securely inside secure enclaves. It **shouldn't** be used in production and is provided for research and experimentation only.

> Please see the [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) document on how you can help improve the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're always looking for contributors, if you're learning about how you can help improve the project, please check out our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: What requirements do I need to have before getting started? Git? Tensorflow? Python? Make? etc? We should list those here.

> First clone this repo and follow the instructions [here](tf_trusted_custom_op/README.md) to build the required custom operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, clone this repository and then follow the instructions for building the TensorFlow custom operation located [here](tf_trusted_custom_op/README.md).
```

https://github.com/intel/linux-sgx

#### Run aesmd Service

> The aesmd service manages the SGX device.

Reviewer: What is aesmd and what does it do? It'd be good to lightly document these here.

Author: Can't really find out much about what it exactly does but can say something like `The Architecture Enclave Service Manager (AESM) allows the Intel SGX device to be used by the host operating system. We can start the AESM service with:`
